Hc networking option (#826)
holochain/holochain-rust: cmd/README.md

Of course these options can be used in combination with one another.

### Networking

`hc run` uses mock networking by default and therefore can't talk to any other nodes.  If you want to test multiple nodes you will need to install the [n3h](https://github.com/holochain/n3h) networking component (following the instructions on the readme there).  Once you have installed it then you can simply fire up your first node while setting the HC_N3H_PATH environment variable to the path where you installed it.  If n3h was installed properly you should see something like this:

``` shell

> $ HC_N3H_PATH=/home/eric/holochain/n3h hc run

Reviewer: Don't you have to add `--networked` ? is the default for it be enabled or not? 

I can't see in the code a default for the `networked` variable

Reviewer 2: you don't I just made it work with the presence of the environment variable.  I didn't even add the --networked flag for now.

Reviewer: @zippy this is the code for a `--networked` option
https://github.com/holochain/holochain-rust/pull/826/files#diff-3f97b1cf8c268f48439642916602b667R113

Reviewer 2: well, would you look at that!  I guess Julian did that before I started working on it.  You still have to set the ENV vars for now though... hopefully in the future that will go away.

SPAWN ("node" "/home/eric/holochain/n3h/packages/n3h/bin/n3h")
(@hackmode@) [t] bound to tcp://127.0.0.1:42341
(@hackmode@) [i] p2p bound [
  "/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/34199/ipfs/QmTg9qMFBosfWD8yeLbcNUwT8UgwNKoT9mGEfm9vXKEHzS",
  "/ip4/192.168.1.5/tcp/34199/ipfs/QmTg9qMFBosfWD8yeLbcNUwT8UgwNKoT9mGEfm9vXKEHzS"
]
(@hackmode@) [t] running
...
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that there is an agent id set by default, and the default is `testAgent`.
```

To fire up a second node you have to do a little more work, namely:
1. providing the address of the first node as a bootstrap node,
2. specifying a different agent id

> 3. specifying a different port for the UI interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. specifying a different port for the websocket server, for a UI to connect to.
```
